[Music]
can any one of the answers for this
question is please a missing little
biscuits
Jessica nothing you got some to see
James welcome Jessica nine and eleven
you
guys watch this
are you gonna cry now get to class oh my
God he's actually crying swimming school
today
[Music]
okay
I mean coming swiftly since been teasing
me at school
I know what was before sending new
messages on Instagram to tell you what
to do
Wow first off Jesse you're very brave
come to tell me so glad that you've done
that really am your very very good not
many people will do that you know okay
it's just for you to know what I'll do
I'll have a word with James and the
others about all these messages and
everything they'll be doing okay well
doing you for going to see let me
constantly keep doing that and anything
else crops up you know where they are
well James Jessica's show me the
messages which told me about you kicking
the ball after after you be teasing it
and bull Yuna she feels very scared do
you mean to make a feel like that I did
it because people thought it was funny
and it made me more popular I didn't
really think about how it made Jessica
feel you don't need to hurt people
it's for them to be friends with you
James okay so at lunchtime want you to
go and apologize to Jessica and this
never happens again if it does I'm gonna
have to speak to other people so clear
also consider I'm sorry about what I
said I didn't think about a few
girlfriends so there is no place for
some time
[Applause]